Cytheraª 1.0.4 Notes--------------------Change history:Version 1.0.4 -- released 11/2/99     -- Fixed startup crash when using Macsbug 6.6.     -- Fixed problems starting up and using the File menu under 7.6.1......Version 1.0.3 -- released 9/22/99     -- Starting the game, choosing Preferences, then choosing Save causes game to quit.     -- Aethon will teach you how to use missiles          -- Moving something doesn't clear the "OK to take" bit          -- DisplayManagerAware bit set for 68K (so Fat version should have that)          -- Entering Tavara Stronghold "shimmers and disappears" now works correctly.     -- When you buy more than one non-counted object, it correctly creates the right number (instead of one too many)     -- Replicate spell is a bit less powerful now (doesn't replicate _everything_ takable).     -- Harpy corpses have too high a priority, and yet can't be moved.          -- Seldane object stops working, turning all white (this only occurs if you have a corrupted persistance storage heap in 1.0.x that was fixed in 1.0.2, but only sometimes)     -- Clears all "targets" and "modes" when you restore/open a game (though if you exploited this problem, there is a chance that random items will forever be missing from the game)     -- Touched up the shadow on the Seldane device (so there is no white rim on it)     -- Fixed problem with various "detect" spells/skills that had false positives.     -- Fixed the buried treasure being "stealing" problem     -- Fixed the rogue character's "Lock Picking" skill not working correctly ("-Starting game as a rogue, the rogue has the skill None(0)") - "LockPick" vs "LockPicking" are two very different things, one is an item, the other a skill.     -- When you leave the disappearing fortress, you correctly return to the main map.     -- The Sapphire Book that you get from the Seldane is now the correct one.     -- It's now possible to get the Sapphire Book from Prusa (but still hard).....Version 1.0.2 -- released 9/9/99     -- Support for switching resolution on the fly     -- Works on 68K macs (correctly determines QuickTime)     -- LogicTech and other multi-button mice now lets the mouse software handle the multiple buttons     -- Various minor scripting fixes (things like conversation pauses, to do checkoffs, typos, location of Halos shop, Alaric training with only 4 training points, etc...)     -- Journal is updated when game restored     -- You now get experience for damage done via spells     -- Immunities, abilities, armor, etc... are now correctly applied against damage from spells and traps     -- Damage from things falling on your head or you stepping on them only check for helmets and footgear respectively for absorbing damage     -- Fixed lines splitting punctuation onto a new line of text in conversations     -- Spreading flour on a doorway no longer prevents it from being opened again.     -- InputSprocket support turned on (this might have been in 1.0.1)     -- Expanded the size of the persistent storage (from 64K to 256K), as well as fixed incorrect reference counting when appending to lists in certain cases (you do _not_ have to start over)     -- If something is in a doorway to the east or south, it is now correctly considered to be "close" (in range for a "touch" spell, can be searched, etc...)     -- Minor refinement in combat - characters don't target the last attacker by default, allowing better AI     -- The "Defend.ai" has been made more intelligent     -- Note taking dialog is now moveable     -- The Cythera Documentation was expanded and revised based on input we received.....Version 1.0.1 -- released 8/30/99     -- The hard drive is no longer accessed every step you take, thus speeding up gameplay significantly     -- Cythera is given more memory by default, easing situations where it would previously run out of memory     -- Fixed the "Persistant storage" problem which could result in out of memory messages, corrupted game files, and possibly even crashes     -- Sacas conversation bug/last person talking being you bug has been fixed (this would cause the conversation to fly by)     -- Possible fix for machines with more than one monitor     -- Various typos were fixed     -- Buying the building now works (though in light of other bug fixes, not sure you can carry enough coinage)     -- Selling stuff multiple times exploit has been eliminated     -- Carrying too much coinage from selling stuff has been fixed     -- Equiping too much stuff has been fixed     -- Trapped by unicorn carcass; these you can now walk over, and additionally, you can destory carcasses by attacking them now     -- Random items/monsters carrying weapons/etc... that actually belonged to other monsters     -- Berosus moved in the vinyard a bit so it's possible to find him     -- NPCs can no longer walk through locks or magically closed doors.....Version 1.0.0 -- Initial release 8/27/99.....